---
title: "The OLLI Adventures"
excerpt: ""
categories: 
- post
tags: 
---
Last week when my wife and I enjoyed an exciting trip to the Whitney
Museum where we viewed the final showing of Jeff Koon's retrospective.
We were excited to get up Monday morning and come to OLLI.  On Monday
we take one car as she has a class earlier then me, and on Friday we
take two cars as I have my Memoir writing class, and we have a second
class in Senior Legal Matters.  We came early Monday and I dropped her
off at the SBS building.  Then I went back to the parking lot and
parked the car.

My first class was Physics: The nature of the world.  Once there we
had a wonderful guest speaker that spoke on thermodynamics and its
laws.  What I learned was that we have to keep eating to prevent us
from going into equilibrium as equilibrium equals death.  Eating is
one of my favorite pastimes anyway.  I walked away from the class with
a new view of the world and how it works.

As per our routine I met my wife in the lobby and we went to the SAC
for lunch as our next class was not until one o'clock.  It was a
gorgeous day the sun was out so we found a table outside and enjoyed
the day watching all the young students excitedly busying about. Then
we went to our next class.

My second class was Metropolitan Museum.  We discussed tapestry's of
the Norman region of France.  Enlightening, and loving history these
panels story told.

After the class in SAC I went to SBS to meet my wife and walk back to
the car.  A friend of ours Gilda walked with us to the parking lot.  I
almost always walk thru the woods, but my wife will not so my wife
Shelly and Gilda proceeded on the pavement and my wife said to me
"I'll see you home!"  I said "OK!"  At my car I took my time took off
my jacket, put my bag on the driver's side, got into the car and
started it up.  Not rushing I backed up and began driving to the exit.
I looked around and looked for my wife's car but thought she had gone
before me as she is much faster than I am.  While in the car I made
sure my cell phone was on as I had an appointment and if she was going
to be late I would get the call.  Then on 347 there was a car turning
to get into a double left hand turn but he was in the third lane, the
straight lane.  It held up the whole lane for a quarter of a mile.
Finally I got home and opened my garage door and saw that Shelly's car
was there.  Saying to myself "Boy, she got home fast."  I went to get
the mail and meet a neighbor and we spoke for quite a while.  Once in
the house I called out Shelly are you home?  No answer.  It had
started to rain and my wife is walker, I said to myself, I don't think
she would walk in the rain.  When at the other end of the house I
heard the phone ring, as we screen all calls I let it ring.  When I
got to the phone there was a message, it said "Tony, I'm sorry we came
in one car."  I tried to call and my phone said "only in an emergency"
it would not let me call out.  This had happened to me once before and
remembered that I had to restart my cell phone.  Once I restarted it I
had four messages on the phone.  Shelly had tried to call me, and
could not reach me.  I finally called her back and she said "I'm still
here" and she apologized and told me she as at the SBS.  All we could
do was laugh and laugh.  She told me she couldn't find her car and saw
me leaving the parking lot.  As for me I did not even realize it
wasn't Friday when I drove home.  Was it a comedy of errors, or just
getting old?


<!----- Footnotes ----->

